Galactic: Support Citadel, Edifice and Fortress (#8)
ros/sdformat_urdf: README.md

  * provides a library and a `urdf_parser_plugin` using that library to convert SDFormat XML to URDF C++ DOM structures
* [`sdformat_test_files`](./sdformat_test_files/README.md)
  * provides SDFormat models using different parts of the SDFormat XML specification for testing

## Version combinations

> This package can be compiled against different Gazebo versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This package can be compiled against versions of libSDFormat.
```

> Set the `GZ_VERSION` environment variable to the Gazebo version you'd
> like to compile against. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Set the `GZ_VERSION` environment variable to match the libSDFormat version you'd like to compile against.
For example:
```

Reviewer: Nit, I prefer single sentence per line with no line wrapping. I think it makes documentation diffs easier to review.

    export GZ_VERSION=fortress

> You only need to set this variable when compiling, not when running.

> ROS version | Gazebo version | Branch | Binaries hosted at
> -- | -- | -- | --
> Galactic | Citadel | [galactic](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/galactic) | https://packages.ros.org
> Galactic | Edifice | [galactic](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/galactic) | only from source
> Galactic | Fortress | [galactic](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/galactic) | only from source
> Humble | Fortress | [ros2](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/ros2) | https://packages.ros.org
> Rolling | Fortress | [ros2](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/ros2) | https://packages.ros.org

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ROS version | Gazebo version | libSDFormat version | Branch | Binaries hosted at
-- | -- | -- | -- | --
Galactic | Citadel | 9.x | [galactic](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/galactic) | https://packages.ros.org
Galactic | Edifice | 11.x | [galactic](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/galactic) | only from source
Galactic | Fortress | 12.x | [galactic](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/galactic) | only from source
Humble | Fortress | 12.x | [ros2](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/ros2) | https://packages.ros.org
Rolling | Fortress | 12.x | [ros2](https://github.com/ros/ros_ign/tree/ros2) | https://packages.ros.org
```
